Warranty: 	5 Years


https://www.supercheapauto.com.au/p/century-century-12v-1-3-6-amp-9-stage-battery-charger/545354.html

Century 12V 1/3/6 Amp 9 Stage Battery Charger
Was $134.99		$159.99
End Date 20/02/22

Product Info

This Century 12V Battery Charger is the perfect maintenance companion from Australia's favourite battery manufacturer. Featuring Century's patented rejuvenation technology, this unit is suitable for deep charging and restoring from as low as 3 volts. Automatic 9 stage charging takes you from flat to full with the press of a button and the adjustable charge output feature gives you control over the rate of charge, with long term maintenance modes as well as rapid charge functions.

With selectable options for most common chemistry types, this 12V battery charger will apply the suitable charging profile to ensure that you're getting the best lifespan possible. Capable of charging and maintaining batteries from 3-180AH, this unit also comes with reverse polarity and short circuit protections to ensure no harm comes to you or your batteries even in the case of accidental terminal misconnection - a great addition to your garage arsenal.
Show less -
Features

    Fully automatic 9 stage charging system - just connect and walk away
    Adjustable charge output with 1 Amp, 3 Amp and 6 Amp settings suits large and small batteries
    Recognizes and starts charging batteries from 3 volts
    Features Century's patented battery rejuvenation technology
    ECO power mode to ensure very low power usage if you forget to turn off at the wall
    Safety timers monitor voltage in each stage to diagnose a completely discharged or faulty battery
    Short circuit & reverse polarity protection keeps you and your batteries safe from accidental misconnection


Tech Spec
	Century 12V 1/3/6 Amp 9 Stage Battery Charger
	Charging Stages: 	1: Condition Check / 2: Rejuvenation / 3: Soft Start / 4: Bulk / 5: Absorption / 6: Equalisation / 7: Analysis / 8: Float / 9: Long Term Maintenance (Pulse)
	Voltage: 	12V
	Charging Amperage: 	1 / 3 / 6 Amps
	Starting Voltage: 	3 Volts
	Protections: 	Overcharge / Reverse Polarity / Overload / Thermal / ECO Power
	Suitability: 	Batteries from 0AH to 120AH
	Warranty: 	5 Years



Sydney
5 out of 5 stars.
· 2 years ago
An Intelligent Affordable Charger
The CC1206 Century battery charger provides up to stages of charging from start to finish, each stage is a charge characteristic not found in old chargers, and charges various types of lead-acid batteries. It's affordable, light and compact, Australian made, easy to use user interface, and it works extremely well. The only downside so far: the plastic covering the clamps is the hard battle type, and I've already fractured one by simply allowing the clamp to snap back to close, but, araldite fixed that (I'll be replacing the clamps for higher quality ones). Would be nice if it came with a padded case, but despite these insignificant drawbacks, it's a top charger and should be a default item in your tool kit.
Recommends this product
? Yes

Lara Victoria 3212
5 out of 5 stars.
· 3 years ago
Does what it says
This is a great charger but don't expect it to be a fast charger as this charger is conditioning your battery at the same time so you get a fully charged battery at the end of the process it took mine nearly 2 days to complete but I got a fully chargered battery at the end. The bonus to this is you can keep it connected to your batter 24/7 if your someone who stores there car in your garage for weeks.
Recommends this product
? Yes

Griffith N.S.W.
4 out of 5 stars.
· 2 years ago
Multi charger
I purchased the charger two weeks ago,to charge a new bike battery, I founded the instructions confusing as there was no type to match the standard lead acid battery ,I researched and found AGM flooded was the one.apart from that the machine was easy to use and worked well.A hard case would have been nice as there are a few cables to keep together.
